Dedicated Updates (#12)
red-hat-storage/ocs-sop: sop/modules/OSD/partials/procedure_resolution_expansion_readonly.adoc

=== Notify Customer: Make changes to solve the alert

{resolution_description}

==== Delete Data

> The customer may NOT delete data while in readonly mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The customer may NOT delete data while in read-only mode.
```
